The Geometry Engine is meant to parse through the TLE file in the Database Engine Repository. Furthermore, this iterates throughout the TLE files to get the most recent data and be able to create a list of satellite information. This engine contains a file parser function, a search function, and other functions that will be added in the future. The file parser function inputs the satellite name, Norad ID, TLE line 1, and TLE line 2 into a list specific to that one satellite. After that, the function adds the satellite to a bigger list containing all the satellites. In the search function, it finds specific satellite information from the list containing all the satellites by looking for the Norad ID corresponding to the satellite. This function returns the satellite and the corresponding data (name, Norad ID, TLE line 1, and TLE line 2). After the search function, there is a function that finds the latitude and longitude of the satellite.

Since the Geometry Engine needs to communicate with the client and server to receive and send data. The most efficient way is to send the information asked for in a text file. The function works by writing a text file that contains the results from the program. As of now, the program writes to the file the satellite information (name, TLE, NORAD ID) and the time that the user inputted. The program now is able to change the time which allows it to get the position of the satellite from any point in time starting from when the satellite was launched. The position of the user was also created but more functionalities will be added to get a specific location for the user.

Another file in this repository is the geo-server.py. The reasoning behind creating another file is to create a connection between the geometry engine and the server. This file allows the functions from the geometry engine to be called into the file from the server inputs. The file returns the specific result wanted from the server.

SkyField: https://rhodesmill.org/skyfield/
